Reword an incorrect assertion about listbox children (#35553)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/listbox_role/index.md

## Description

> The `listbox` role is used to identify an element that creates a list from which a user may select one or more static items, similar to the HTML {{HTMLElement('select')}} element. Unlike {{HTMLElement('select')}}, a listbox can contain images. Listboxes contain children whose role is [option](https://www.w3.org/TR/2010/WD-wai-aria-20100916/roles#option) or elements whose role is [group](https://www.w3.org/TR/2010/WD-wai-aria-20100916/roles#group) which in turn contain children whose role is option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `listbox` role is used to identify an element that creates a list from which a user may select one or more static items, similar to the HTML {{HTMLElement('select')}} element. Unlike {{HTMLElement('select')}}, a listbox can contain images. Listboxes contain children whose role is [`option`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/option_role) or elements whose role is [`group`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/group_role) which in turn contain children whose role is `option`.
```
